README.md, before:


<p align="center"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/zbUTsRh.png"></p>
<h1 align="center">Rules of Survival - Ultra Hack</h1>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/Ashesh3/ROSUltraHack/releases" alt="Total Download">
		<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Ashesh3/ROSUltraHack/total.svg" /></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/Ashesh3/ROSUltraHack/tree/master" alt="This Project is Maintained">
		<img src="https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2018.svg" /></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/Ashesh3/ROSUltraHack/graphs/contributors" alt="Contributor List">
		<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Ashesh3/ROSUltraHack.svg" /></a>
	<a href="https://www.unknowncheats.me/forum/rules-of-survival/260342-ros-ultrahack-v1-menu-esp-aimbot-misc-source.html#post2007318" alt="We Love Open Source">
		<img src="https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.svg?v=103" /></a>
</p>


![screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/nxBFbGJ.png)

## Features

|        ESP        |     Aimbot    |     No Clip    |          Misc           |
|   -------------   | ------------- | -------------  |      -------------      |
| Player            | FOV           | Clipping Speed | Totally External        |
| Item              | Height        | Position Lock  | Fullscreen Borderless   |
| Weapon            | Distance      |                | Nuke Player***          |
| Robot             | Smart Aim     |                | Chams*                  |
| Player Health     | AimHoldKey    |                | Undetected              |
| Player Distance   |               |                | Neat Menu               |
| Supply Box        |               |                | CPU Usage Reduced to 5% |
| Item Distance     |               |                |                         |
| Swap Lines        |               |                |                         |
| Drop Plane        |               |                |                         |
| Vehicle           |               |                |                         |
| Player Box        |               |                |                         |
| Item Names        |               |                |                         | 

```*** Doesn't work anyone, PATCHED!```

## Controls

#### - *Basic* -

* **INSERT** - Toggle ESP
* **F1** - Turn ON All ESP
* **F2** - Turn ON basic ESP ```(Robot Only)```
* **F3** - Turn ON Smart Aim ```(Recommended```)
* **F4** - Increase No Clip Speed
* **F5** - Decrease No Clip Speed
* **J** - Toggle NoClip
* **U** - Show Aimbot FOV
* **Left + ALT Key** - Toggle Aimbot
* **Delete** - Exit Cheat

####  -*Aimbot* -

* **O & P** - Adjust Aimbot height ```(Smart Aim must be OFF)```**
* **Up Arrow Key**  - Increase Aimbot Distance Range by 25m**
* **Down Arrow Key** - Decrease Aimbot Distance Range by 25m**
* **Left Arrow Key** - Decrease Aimbot FOV Range by 1px**
* **Right Arrow Key** - Increase Aimbot FOV Range by 1px**

#### - *No Clip* -

* **Right Control Key + Arrow Keys**  - Move Forward/Backward/Right/Left
* **Back Space Key** - Fly Up
* **Right Shift Key** - Fly Down

#### - *Nuke Player* -

* **Delete** - Boom !
  * Steps :
    * Enter Vehicle
    * Drive Fast
    * Press Delete to toggle nuke ON/OFF

```** You can hold this key down to make selection faster```

## Getting Started
You will need know the basic about how to compile a program using Visual Studio.

### Prerequisites
* Visual Studio
* C# Tool Set (Include in VS)
* Brain

## Showcase:
![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/4cdZRCe.png "Screenshot")
![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/zjJdaBZ.jpg "Screenshot")
![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/UiBDs3d.jpg "Screenshot")
![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/IGwjflD.jpg "Screenshot")
![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/Vqx6EBm.png "Screenshot")

Commit message:

Vehcile Names + NO Grass + 2D Boxes

README.md, after:


<p align="center"><img src="https://i.imgur.com/zbUTsRh.png"></p>
<h1 align="center">Rules of Survival - Ultra Hack</h1>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/Ashesh3/ROSUltraHack/releases" alt="Total Download">
		<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Ashesh3/ROSUltraHack/total.svg" /></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/Ashesh3/ROSUltraHack/tree/master" alt="This Project is Maintained">
		<img src="https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2018.svg" /></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/Ashesh3/ROSUltraHack/graphs/contributors" alt="Contributor List">
		<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Ashesh3/ROSUltraHack.svg" /></a>
	<a href="https://www.unknowncheats.me/forum/rules-of-survival/260342-ros-ultrahack-v1-menu-esp-aimbot-misc-source.html#post2007318" alt="We Love Open Source">
		<img src="https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.svg?v=103" /></a>
</p>


![screenshot](https://i.imgur.com/nxBFbGJ.png)

## Features

|        ESP        |     Aimbot    |     No Clip    |          Misc           |
|   -------------   | ------------- | -------------  |      -------------      |
| Player            | FOV           | Clipping Speed | Totally External        |
| Item              | Height        | Position Lock  | Fullscreen Borderless   |
| Weapon            | Distance      |                | No Grass                |
| Robot             | Smart Aim     |                | Chams*                  |
| Player Health     | AimHoldKey    |                | Undetected              |
| Player Distance   |               |                | Neat Menu               |
| Supply Box        |               |                | CPU Usage Reduced to 5% |
| Item Distance     |               |                |                         |
| Swap Lines        |               |                |                         |
| Drop Plane        |               |                |                         |
| Vehicle           |               |                |                         |
| Player Box        |               |                |                         |
| Item Names        |               |                |                         | 
| Vehicle Names     |               |                |                         | 

```* Will be implemented in future update```

## Controls

#### - *Basic* -

* **INSERT** - Toggle ESP
* **F1** - Turn ON All ESP
* **F2** - Turn ON basic ESP ```(Robot Only)```
* **F3** - Turn ON Smart Aim ```(Recommended```)
* **F4** - Increase No Clip Speed
* **F5** - Decrease No Clip Speed
* **J** - Toggle NoClip
* **U** - Show Aimbot FOV
* **Left + ALT Key** - Toggle Aimbot
* **Delete** - Exit Cheat

####  -*Aimbot* -

* **O & P** - Adjust Aimbot height ```(Smart Aim must be OFF)```**
* **Up Arrow Key**  - Increase Aimbot Distance Range by 25m**
* **Down Arrow Key** - Decrease Aimbot Distance Range by 25m**
* **Left Arrow Key** - Decrease Aimbot FOV Range by 1px**
* **Right Arrow Key** - Increase Aimbot FOV Range by 1px**

#### - *No Clip* -

* **Right Control Key + Arrow Keys**  - Move Forward/Backward/Right/Left
* **Back Space Key** - Fly Up
* **Right Shift Key** - Fly Down

#### - *Nuke Player* -

* **Delete** - Boom !
  * Steps :
    * Enter Vehicle
    * Drive Fast
    * Press Delete to toggle nuke ON/OFF

```** You can hold this key down to make selection faster```

## Getting Started
You will need know the basic about how to compile a program using Visual Studio.

### Prerequisites
* Visual Studio
* C# Tool Set (Include in VS)
* Brain

## Showcase:
![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/4cdZRCe.png "Screenshot")
![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/zjJdaBZ.jpg "Screenshot")
![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/UiBDs3d.jpg "Screenshot")
![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/IGwjflD.jpg "Screenshot")
![alt text](https://i.imgur.com/Vqx6EBm.png "Screenshot")
